# Useless Client-Side Website Rendering

There are 4 required components of this project. The J-Make javascript, JQuery, the body.json file, and strict directory structure. Element is populated by directory calls to index files keep element content segregated on the server, allowing for drop-in style plugin per-element and a decentralized framework.

J-Make calls to directories to populate elements, so you can use .html, .php, or whatever server-side scripting you prefer for index files.

## JQuery

I bet you already guessed that J-Make requires JQuery to run :) The JQuery being used as of 08/29/2020 is [jquery-3.5.1](https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.5.1.min.js).

## j-make.js

Include a link to the [j-make.js](https://github.com/richardkentgates/j-make/blob/master/j-make.js) in your index. This script will use the JSON array as a map to build the elements and append them to the &lt;body&gt;.
The script will append id attributes to the elements based on tag name and element position index, such as header_0, main_1, and footer_2. J-Make also sets the class attribute for each generated element to "j-make". The script then calls to a corosponding directory index file and populates the element with the response.

## body.json

Use this simple array format to structure your html in [body.json](https://github.com/richardkentgates/j-make/blob/master/body.json). Like most developers, you probably have some basics you like to have in the head of your document, so you build out your index file however you like as long as you include your script tag for j-make.js and leave the document body empty. Use the JSON array to structure the elements to be populated in to the body. Elements generated by nested arrays will be appended to the element named by the previous sibling in the array, so all nested arrays need to be preceded by a string value for an element.

<pre>
[
 "header",
 "main",
 [
  "article",
  "aside",
  [
   "section",
   "section"
  ]
 ],
 "footer"
]
</pre>

## Directory Structure

The logic is pretty simple. Remember how the elements J-Make generates has an id based on the tag name and index? You just need to mirror that in your directories. I even start you off with a folder named body to make it easy. An example follows down-page. J-Make reads the index file in the directory that corresponds with the name and position of the element, so you can use index.html, index.php, or whatever server-side language you prefer. Mix and match, html for some, and php for easier elements. Index file results will be prepended to the element with nested elements appended after the content.

<pre>
index.html
body.json
j-make.js
jquery.js
style.css
body
|header_0
||index.html
|main_1
||index.html
||article_0
|||index.html
||aside_1
|||index.html
|||section_0
||||index.html
|||section_1
||||index.html
|footer_2
||index.html
</pre>